Add tip on how to install additional Python libraries (#838)
memgraph/docs: docs/how-to-guides/query-modules.md

<img src={require('../data/memgraph_lab_query_modules.png').default} className={"imgBorder"}/>

If you want to use an external Python library, read [instructions on how to install it](#how-to-install-external-python-libraries).

## How to install external Python libraries?

It is possible to install Python libraries that are not already included with
Memgraph installation. For example, to install `pandas` with Memgraph running
inside a **Docker** container, run the following command in the terminal:

```
docker exec -i -u root <container_id> bash -c "apt install -y python3-pip &&
pip install pandas"
```

Don't forget to replace `<container_id>` with the appropriate value,
which you can find by running `docker ps` command in the terminal. 

If you are starting Memgraph with **Docker Compose**, write the following commands
in the Dockerfile:

```
FROM memgraph/memgraph:latest

USER root

RUN apt install -y python3-pip
RUN pip install pandas

USER memgraph
```

> It is important that you install Python library as a `root` user, instead as the default `memgraph` user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important that you install Python library as a `root` user, rather than the default `memgraph` user. 
```
